---
isBasedOnUrl: null
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
title: "Title!"
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
datePublished: "2015-05-01T20:03:56.064Z"
dateModified: "2015-05-01T20:03:56.064Z"
sourcePath: _posts/2015-05-01-title.md
published: true
_type: null

---
## :q
    
    After a great year or so of relentless hacking, I’ve decided to move on from Makeshift. It’s been a good ride — I’ve made a [whole](http://hiremyfriend.io) [load](http://attending.io) [of](http://helpmewrite.co) [awesome](http://listerly.co/) [products](https://dribbble.com/shots/1029671-Bitsy-Homepage?list=users&offset=11) (and in doing so registered most of the .io domains on the internet), met & worked with amazing people, and grown immeasurably as a designer & programmer.
    
    But all good things must come to an end. At Makeshift my involvement with new product prototyping has slowed down as we focus on growing our existing products; the team of generalist hackers slowly giving way to talented specialists. That’s the nature of startup teams, though. As much as I love Makeshift our paths have been diverging for a while and I think this is as good a point as any to disembark the startup strugglebus and ride off into the distance in the muscle car of doing-my-own-thing.
    
    ## :enew
    
    What’s the plan? At least in the short term I’ll be doing freelance design & development - hopefully with small startups where I can add the most value.
    
    The timing couldn’t be better. In the past few months it seems like all of my talented friends have left their full-time jobs in search of the freedom freelancing brings. The London product design scene has become close knit over the past year and this is a great time to collaborate with people I’ve wanted to work with for ages. I suspect there will be lots of shared projects, knowledge, and most importantly, beers.
    
    I’ll also be setting aside time to build my own products. It’s been super gratifying seeing real people get real jobs through [Hire my Friend](http://hiremyfriend.io); since we started building it last June I’ve had a bunch of other ideas I’ve been desperate to build but that I could neither do justice working on in the evenings nor fit into Makeshift’s product roadmap. That’s all going to change - there will be some exciting new bits of internet coming soon and I’m excited to share them with you.
    
    ## Available for websites, apps, conferences, weddings & bar mitzvahs.
    Business time. You can hire me for design and front-end, Ruby, JavaScript & iOS development. I’ve been doing lots of early-stage product design & development recently—if you need help getting an MVP out the door, I could be your guy—but am equally up for doing new things around data visualisation, experimental interfaces and just good old fashioned graphic design!
    
    I’ll have some availability in May, and am wide-open from June onwards; [say hi and let’s make things happen](mailto:hire@designedbygold.com). I’m not looking to jump back into a full-time job immediately, but would love to hear from you if you think I’d be a good fit for your company anyway.
    
    Rad, I think that’s all. Sad to be leaving Makeshift, but they’re in better shape than ever with some great new additions to the team and new features coming out soon across all the products. Mainly, I’m excited by the future and new possibilities. Take it away, Coverdale.
    
    <iframe width="480" height="360" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/WyF8RHM1OCg?rel=0" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>